2017/05/05
SWEET STRANGER

Today I was going to Birtamode. At 10:50 Got in the bus. The bus was 'Nagarik' like 'Sajha bus' in red color. Went with mamu. The side where there was no sun was pack. Mamu sat on that side. I sat on another. At Kanchanbadi a beautiful girl came in. She was wearing a beautiful colourful dress. A one piece. Such white face. I still can't forget. I had kept bag on my side. She asked if it was free. I removed my bag. She sat. For halfway we didn't talk. She offered me water. I denied.
Her voice was sweet. It heard like a small girl. By looking at her, I could guess that she had just passed SLC. She frequently used to call her mom and ask where she was to get off and who would come to take her. She was to get off at Mangalbare.

Finally she asked me where I was headed. I told and asked her. She asked if I knew where Mangalbare was. She was to goto Damak but her mom was at Mangalbare so she would get off there. Then we talked. Her home was at Damak. She was studying BDS (Dentistry) third year at Nobel college Biratnagar. She stayed in hostel at Kanchanbadi. She didn't know places in Biratnagar. She didn't went out much.
She offered water again. I drank. Then gave back. She told she didn't need it as she was to get off. So I kept it.
We sat silent after that for some time. Then time came to part. She was getting ready to get up. I asked if her destination was here. She got up and gestured me good bye. I shook head.
Actually she had missed her destination and came bit ahead. She got off then.
Thats the last time I saw her. Her beautifil dress.

Talking to her gave me a fresh mood. She was sweet I felt. I could talk much. I had many topics to talk. But didn't say. I had told her I was first year. So I didn't know if I should try my luck. She also asked me many questions. Seemed interested.

Her name is Sheela Bhandari. She complimented me nice name when I told mine. She also asked for my full name when I told just first only.

Looking at the bottle I can remember her beautiful white face, her nice dress, her sweetness.

I searched for her on facebook but no luck.

MAYBE SOME PEOPLE ARE JUST TO BE A PART OF SWEET MEMORY.