2073/06/23
23 BLACK OCTOBER (UNACCEPTABLE THINGS) Biratnagar
10/9/2016
Six months after college ended. Still haven't found peace. I'm still dreadfully broken. Can't forget the 3 dark months of loneliness. Its not 3 months actually. The pain has been haunting me for 6 months now. Don't even workout nowadays. Actually not worked out from 6 months. I feel awefully weak. I don't want to live like this. I want to change. But I can't. Those days still haunt me and launch anger and hatred inside me. I have faced a lots of pain till today. This one has totally broken me. Before, I was small. So I didn't understand it. But now I do. Its not my mistake. It never was. I have my whole life in front of me. But its dark.  My dreams are completely destroyed.
Pulchowk is only name I knew. I could get there. But he didn't have faith on me. He never did. He never thinks I could do something. I am also like other ordinary people. I too have dreams and desires. But nobody listens to me. My decisions are never accepted. Whatever I say is never carried out . He thinks I m dumb, I have no brain. So I never listen to him now. It is useless to follow him. Once he was my idol. Now I came to understand reality. All my dreams broken to piece.

But I still have my UROBOROS plan. It can take me to the top of world. But it has many complications. I  encounter new problem once I solve an old problem. I was working on this project 5 months earlier when he brought PEA books and then I lost my mind. I hope to succeed.

Love happens when you least expect it. I never thought I would fall for her. And I mustn't. My bestfriend wants her. I can't do that. But she shows great interest talking to me. No body had ever shown such great interest in me (on facebook, I m sorry samu, I regret and am feeling bad :( ). We talk for long time and I haven't ever talked to any girl to such extent as much I have talked to her. I have even flirted with her. I had never done it on anybody. We have similar thoughts. She compliments me a lot. I have fallen for her. She is the one with whom I feel safe to share my thoughts and plans. She listens and encourages me. She is soo nice. I don't want to loose her. I often remember how I talked to her first time we confronted. She was a little nervous I felt. I talked in a calm manner making close eye contract. I think thats how she grew interest in me.

MAYBE SHE COULD BRING CHANGE IN ME AND MAKE ME HAPPY ONCE AGAIN.